Last we left off, we hooked up our search component all the way into the location context, so by triggering
a search, we trigger an update in the location context that will go and fetch the location of what
we filled in and subsequently track all of the state.
And we had console logs to make sure that what we were getting made sense.
Now, the next step is our restaurant context is currently hooked up to no location at all.
So it's defaulting a location currently in the service.
Right, right here.
It's being defaulted.
So this is not something that we want.
But this also means that when we refresh here.
There's not going to be any restaurants, we're just not going to have anything, so in order for us
to figure out the best way to retrieve restaurants, what we need to do is we need to get location in
here.
And so one way of doing that is to say consed location context is equal to use context.
And then we can put location context in here so we can grab use context from here and then we can grab
location context by doing import.
Location context.
And then we'll do from that location, location, context, and we'll grab the EU's context here and
what we can grab off of it, basically all we need is location.
So we'll add location to this part.
And what will happen is we'll reload.
And what we'll see happen is that the default location should theoretically come in.
Now, why isn't that occurring?
Well, one thing to note here and one thing that I noted is we don't need a use effect in our location
context, but we didn't really solve for that just yet.
So if we go into our search component, one thing we need to add here is a use effect.
And that use effect is basically what's going to trigger search for us.
So we're going to add the use effect here and we're going to say, hey, when the search bar mounts,
when the search bar mounts, let's quickly do a search of what we already have.
So the search keyword, let's quickly do a search of the search keyword.
And so that's going to allow us to render out for the very first location.
So if we trigger this, what we should end up seeing is inside of location context if we open up our
terminal.
If we console out, log the results here, console that log result.
What we're going to see is that we're getting a longitude, latitude, amazing, why isn't our.
Why isn't our restaurant context actually working then?
Well, it's getting longitude, latitude as an object.
It's not getting it as a proper formatted string, right.
Remember, we have to do longitude, latitude as a comma separated value where we had longitude, latitude,
kind of like that.
And so right now we're getting our location, but we kind of need to format it.
So we'll see const location string is equal to and then we can formulate a string by doing a template
string and we can do location, dot, lap, comma.
And then we'll do location, thought longitude.
And we'll take that location string and we'll pass it in to retrieve restaurants.
And so that in itself, let's check it out, console that log, location, string.
That in itself should give us what we need.
So let's go look terminal thirty seven, minus one, twenty two.
Let's quickly go look at our marks.
And it's thirty seven.
Minus one.
Twenty two.
Four one one five.
OK, so now we're formatting the correct string.
And we have the correct location string.
So why isn't it retrieving the restaurants for us?
That's a good question.
That's because we're not taking in the actual location and passing that into our request.
So by doing that now, because we have defaulted everything, let's call it lock, because I don't want
to conflict with an outer scoped variable.
What we can see now is that if we reload, the location is going to be.
Set now one second here, dismissed, dismiss, if we reload, what we're going to see is that location
that long isn't a value.
So what we have to do is we have to say if location, we always have to check if we have a location
and if it's a proper value that's going to play a big role in us being able to search here.
One thing we need to do is we need to add location here so that every time location changes, it actually
renders.
So now that this is happening, what we can see that we're getting Zuni Café, Brenden's French school,
but we can look now and we can fill in Antwerp and let's see what happens.
We get along itude latitude and oh, we got different restaurants.
Interesting.
We just retrieve different restaurants.
And if we fill in Chicago and we do that, we can see our little render cycle going in the background.
So one thing that we need to add into this procedure and one thing that we're not seeing happen is if
we go into location complex.
Every time we trigger a search, rather, in our restaurants, what should be happening is that when
we do retrieve restaurants, we should set restaurants back to an empty value because we're trying to
search for new restaurants.
So we'll set it to empty and then when we look for Antwerp, that's going to trigger we're going to
be looking for Antwerp, then we look for Chicago.
That's going to trigger a cycle and a loading cycle.
And then when we look for, for instance, Toronto, that's going to trigger another Virender cycle.
Now, there's something going on here.
The street address for some reason is still being set to the Mac address.
Why is that?
Well, let's look into that in the next video.